Well?
I'm sending you the code.
Yes, I see that. Thank you.
What about my account?
Delivering.
I just sent it.
You should have it.
Yes, thank you.
Hey, hey,
are you sure this is legal?
We're just running a test
on our security system, sir.
-It's fine.
-You have a sexy voice.
Is there anything else
I can do for you? To you?
We have what we need.
We're ready.
Yo, guess who just
made 50 g's today.
What'd you do to my drive, man?
-Man, shut up. I didn't touch it.
-This isn't cool.
Don't ever,
ever touch my computer.
Diagnostics show no damage,
but we're certain this was
an intentional breach.
You're saying we were hacked?
It wasn't denial
of service level,
but they definitely
cracked our door.
Okay, open the black hat files.
I want every hacker
in the country
who could've done this
interviewed now.
Sir, that's close to
1,000 names.
With the holiday weekend,
we're short-staffed as it is.
Listen, we're the ones
who are supposed
to keep this from happening,
and it just happened to us.
Get it done.
Sir, it's the middle
of the night
and they're scattered
all over the country.
Fine. Get local law
enforcement to help.
Somebody out there thinks
they can screw with us.
I want to find out who.
Hey, Jimmy! Wait up, man.
♪ You are so rock and roll ♪
♪ Be my ♪
♪ Be my, be my little
rock and roll queen ♪
♪ Be my ♪
♪ Be my, be my little ♪
♪ Rock and roll queen ♪
Jim! I said no.
Lucy, you're killing me,
all right?
- Get out of the car.
- What?
-Get out of the car now!
-Don't touch me!
-No means no, jerkoff.
-What are you doing?
- John, stop it!
- What? Don't call me that.
-I hate it when you call me that.
-No, no. Whoa, you know this guy?
Shut up. Just shut
your mouth right now.
Dad!
Stop it! I mean it.
"Dad?" You said
your dad was dead.
What?
You told this jerkoff
I was dead?
You actually said that?
I may have exaggerated
a little bit.
A-and this guy's what,
your-your-your boyfriend?
- No.
- Yeah.
I don't know, okay?
I'm sorry. Just... We'll see.
What are you doing here?
You don't answer your phone.
You don't return my calls.
That's because
I'm not talking to you.
And why aren't you talking
to me this time, Lucy?
Why not?
What, you want a list?
How about stuff like this,
you spy on me.
-I'm not.
-You come all the way down here,
you drag my boyfriend
out of the car.
-You said he wasn't your boyfriend.
-He's not my boyfriend!
Thought you said I...
I just was.
-God, just...
-Shut up.
You are such an asshole.
Okay.
I'm sorry I pulled your
not-boyfriend out of the car.
Okay?
Hey, Lucy, babe,
come on, get in the car.
-Let's just go.
-No, no.
Will both of you
just go away?
Just talk to me
for a minute, Lucy. Just--
I'm tired.
I'm going to bed. Alone.
You're damn right
you're going to bed alone.
Lucy, honey, wait a minute.
Just wait, honey.
I wanna talk to you. Just wait.
Dad, when I wanna talk to you,
if I want to talk to you...
I'll call you.
Lucy. Wait. Lucy. Lucy?
Lucy McClane!
It's not McClane.
It's Gennero.
Chicks, right?
I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go.
John? John?
It's Scalvino.
Go for McClane.
What are you doing
at Rutgers?
How do you know where I am?
We had all the cars LoJacked
four years ago, remember?
I'm staring at exactly
where you are.
So that's not something
I would turn on?
Yeah, we did that.
John, we... turned them on.
Listen, the Feds
have called in a favor.
They're doing a sweep.
They want us to pick up
some computer hacker in Camden.
Last name Farrell,
first name Matthew.
Whoa, whoa. Camden?
What are you
telling me this for?
You know, it's like,
3:00 in the morning.
I was on my way home.
Just send one of the jugheads
from the academy.
They'd be happy
to go pick this kid up.
I can't just send any uniform.
The Feds demanded
a senior detective.
The kid's a high-value subject.
I don't know. Just pick him up,
escort him
to the Hoover Building in DC.
They had some kind of
a computer breach there this morning.
Great.
All right.
Give me the information.
All right,
give me that name again.
What is it?
You owe me one, Jack.
♪ ...thoughts ♪
♪ With what's written ♪
♪ On my heart ♪
♪ I will break! ♪
♪ Break! ♪
♪ Selfishness, I'm so sick ♪
♪ I'm so sick ♪
♪ If you want ♪
♪ More of this ♪
♪ We can push out, sell out ♪
What?
♪ And stay sleeping ♪
♪ With my screaming ♪
Come on.
♪ In your itching ears ♪
♪ I'm so sick in... ♪
Goddamn it.
♪ ...this empty bliss
selfishness ♪
Plan B. We do it ourselves.
Who is it?
NYPD.
Open the door, please.
Hi.
NYPD? Okay.
I get it.
Um, I'll help you out.
Don't worry.
Everyone gets lost around here.
-Glad to help. Take--
-Hey. I'm not lost.
Are you Matt Farrell? Matthew Farrell?
No. He, actually
does not live here anymore.
'Course not. Who are you?
My name is Daisy Duke.
Got a lot of shit for it
when I was a kid.
Please don't add to it.
Can I see some
identification, please?
Yeah, sure.
Detective.
Yeah, that looks real.
Where'd you get that?
Toys"R"Us?
That looks great.
-And, of course...
-Yeah.
That... That actually
looks pretty good.
Hey, Farrell.
Sully just PDL'd
a new copy of the Kill Zone 9,
the one that ain't out yet.
Wanna check it out?
No. Thanks, though, man.
And good luck at
the Bad Timing Awards.
Open the door.
Shit.
Can I get you something?
Coffee? A warrant?
- What's this about?
- I don't know.
Some kind of computer thing.
DC Feds wanna
talk to you, so...
let's go.
Feds?
Yeah. The Feds.
Been white hat
for four years.
But once you're on
that goddamn list...
It's such a pain in the ass.
You play with dolls?
C-could you please
not touch that?
-Like a G.I. Joe.
-No, no, it's not, it's not.
-It's a limited edition...
-Ooh.
-And...
-That supposed to come off?
No, it's not supposed to,
but...
it's a lot more valuable when
it's broken, so thanks for that.
Yeah. Krazy Glue.
I'm sure it's very important.
I got some other
cool shit in here
if you wanna break that.
Let's go, okay? Come on.
I got to power down
my gear, okay?
More dolls. Not spending
a whole lot of time
with the girls?
Hey. Are you really
trying to escape?
-Jesus! Don't shoot!
-Hey!
-Don't shoot!
-Get down!
- Jesus Christ.
- Keep your head down.
Shit!
Go! Go!
Let's go! Come on!
Low, low! Stay down!
Come on!
It's all right. Stay low, all right?
Stay down.
-You stay with me, all right?
-Okay.
-Here we go.
Okay.
That's gonna wake
the neighbors.
Get down! Get inside!
Get down!
They're back in the room!
Are you nuts?
Get out of there right now!
-I'm trying--
-Now!
Go. Take the right!
Holy shit.
Are you okay?
Get back in there!
Matt...
Get ready to run.
The hell?
What the...
What the hell was that?
-What?
-Did you do that?
-No.
-Shit.
I didn't do that. Come on.
Shit.
Stay close.
Okay.
Come on.
Let's go. Come on.
Let's go, damn it!
Come on.
Watch it.
Just hold it down.
My God. My God.
Hey.
-Come on.
-Okay.
Come on. Come on. Stay close.
Stay with me. Stay with me.
-Come on, let's go. Stay close.
-Okay.
Get in the car.
Go, go. Now.
Kid, can you reload a gun?
- Me?
- Can you reload a gun?
Yeah.
Open the glove box
and get a magazine
out of the thing right now!
Grab the gun
from the backseat!
Quick!
Get your head down!
Jesus! Is the circus in town?
Whoo!
Did you see that?
Yeah, I saw it. I did it.
Camden Base,
one double-seven-seven.
Come back, Camden Base.
One-double-seven-seven.
Camden Base. Go ahead.
I need to speak to your chief
of your detectives: police emergency.
- ASAP.
- Stand by.
This is Chief Detective Weisman.
Chief Detective, this is
Detective John McClane, NYPD.
Police emergency.
I want to report
a police shooting
in your jurisdiction.
You tell her.
Yeah.
What's the status?
We didn't get him.
Three of our men are down.
Wait one.
Thomas. We had a problem
in New Jersey.
Farrell's still alive.
So he got away.
Yeah.
I did send five of you,
is that right?
Yes, but there was someone with him.
I'm sending a chopper.
Just get airborne.
We'll track him down.
Think you can handle that?
My God.
Just breathe.
I am breathing.
I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm...
-Can't stop shaking.
-It's the adrenaline.
You're just scared.
It'll pass.
Yeah, I'm scared.
Weren't you scared back there?
Yeah.
I was scared.
Really? This is you
being scared?
I don't know,
'cause you seem really calm.
Have you done stuff
like that before?
Stuff like what?
Like killing people.
Yeah.
But not for a long time.
So who were those guys?
Why were they trying
to kill you?
Why did they blow up
my goddamn apartment?
They were there to kill you.
Why would they wanna kill me?
You tell me, kid.
You're the criminal.
I got seven
dead hackers so far,
none of whom were
high on our list.
Collect the hard drives,
start sweeping 'em.
Yes, sir.
Trey...
Matthew Farrell,
find him for me.
On it.
What's with all the guns?
Operational prudence.
Think of them as hardware
to your software.
Good morning, DC.
Well, it's shaping up
to be another beautiful
Fourth of July weekend.
If you've got any big plans,
better get started early,
'cause it looks like
the traffic is ramping up.
So here's another golden oldie
for all the commuters
out there.
What?
What? What?
What are you doing?
What is that?
-It's Creedence.
-Creedence?
Creedence.
Creedence Clearwater Revival.
Classic rock.
I know who it is.
It's old rock.
That doesn't make it classic.
What sucked back then
still sucks now.
You don't like Creedence?
This is like having a pine cone
shoved in my ass.
Okay. Really?
Wow, that's mature.
Come on, man.
I'm cooperating with you.
We're at a heading
of zero-six-zero.
Making another pass.
Listen up, everyone.
Are we ready?
Transportation hubs
are prepped and set.
Begin stage one.
Wait a minute.
What...
...with six and a half innings in game--
...pavilion this weekend for two shows...
When's the last time you remember
turning on the radio
and listening to popular music?
Just give me a decade.
The '70s?
I'm guessing was...
Was Michael Jackson still black?
Pearl Jam,
I'll go back 10 years with you.
Ten years.
Twenty years...
The Cure? Nothing?
It's called news radio.
I was trying to see if any
of your friends from Camden
made the headlines.
Hold on.
You listen to the news?
You got a problem
with the news now?
Yeah, I got a big
goddamn problem with the news.
You ready for this? The news
is completely manipulated.
Everything you hear,
every single day,
is designed by corporate media
to do one thing,
-and one thing only...
-Jesus.
...to keep you living in fear.
- Fear?
- Total fear!
Fear so you'll go out and you'll
spend money on things.
Things you probably
don't even need.
already have six of,
so that their advertisers
keep buying ads on their stations.
Tell more thing.
You ready for this?
I'll do this all day, man.
I got days of data at home.
You don't believe me.
-Hey.
-I'll drop a bomb on you bigger than--
-Hey!
-What? What?
-Shut up.
That's good. That's good.
Be dismissive...
You all right?
No, I'm not all right!
Just stay in the car.
You'll be all right.
Hey, man. Hey.
How you doing?
You all right?
Don't move. Just call 911,
all right?
Okay.
Jesus Christ.
All the lights are green.
-All the lights are green.
-What? Where?
Let's go.
Let's go, right now.
-We gotta go, really?
-Let's go.
Get your bag, hack boy.
Let's go.
-Jesus Christ.
-Let's go. Come on.
I've never been
in a car accident.
You all right? Well... Very exciting.
Here we go, this way, come on.
-Here we go.
-Have you been in a car accident?
-Yeah, I've been in a car accident.
-What are we doing?
It's a little thing they invented
back in the '60s called jogging.
You're gonna love it. Come on.
Sir, Chicago's reporting
a system crash
on their L train network.
Amtrak is flashing a level-one
crash in their comm system.
FAA just issued
a critical alert.
Their ATC net
just went down.
We're under attack.
Okay, let's get 'em outside
for a little fresh air.
That's the anthrax alarm.
All right, everyone out, now!
Now!
Taylor, move, go! Move!
All personnel
must evacuate and proceed
to the transportation shuttles
immediately.
This is not a drill.
All personnel
must evacuate and proceed
to the transportation shuttles
immediately.
No, I'm telling you,
protocol says...
We need you inside.
Take the team.
I want men on the fourth floor,
got it? Masks on.
Got to know
what's there, okay?
Why don't you run a search
on these data crashes?
- See if we can ID the point of origin.
- Got it.
Begin stage two.
- Hey, what's going on?
- Whoa!
Hey, what's going on? No!
They're already
starting to panic.
Of course they are.
They think that someone's
taking their money.
All those nickels and dimes
they saved have meaning.
Useful idiots,
as Lenin would say.
Prep the video package.
DC transportation
system's crashing,
and they just hit
the entire financial sector.
Everything, all of it.
Get me the Secretary of Trans and Treasury
on the line and the chairman for the SEC.
Let's go, people!
Somewhere, somebody left
a digital fingerprint. Find it!
Deputy Director Bowman in here?
Not now. It'll have to wait.
Not today, waxworks.
This is Matthew Farrell.
I brought him here
on direct orders from Bowman.
If you don't know
what the hell's going on,
go find me
somebody that does.
I'm Bowman.
Video package
is ready for upload.
Thanks.
Listen, John, appreciate
you bringing Farrell here,
but everything's
changed this morning.
We are neck-deep
in damage control right now.
Excuse me. I'm sorry, sir.
Do you have anything,
to eat,
any kind of snacks around?
I would love, um...
Really low blood sugar, and...
Sir.
No?
As if the nationwide
transportation breakdown
and anthrax scares
weren't enough for one day,
the stock market found itself
in a selling frenzy
this afternoon.
The Federal Trade Commission
believes this panic
might have been triggered
by a computer malfunction
in the stock exchange.
What were thought to be
unrelated events...
Man, that is all bad.
...a terrorist attack.
It's not as bad as it looks.
We run drills to prepare
for things like this.
These your suspects?
Were. All seven were killed
in the last 24 hours.
Recognize
any of these people?
No.
Not one?
Sir, got a system error.
My fellow Americans...
-It is time to...
-...strike...
-...fear...
-...into...
-...the hearts of...
-...citizenry.
Ask not...
It's an unauthorized broadcast.
-...what your country can do...
-...to avert...
-...this...
-...crisis.
-The answer is...
-...nothing whatsoever.
-Our military...
-...strength...
-...is...
-...in...
-...this...
-...case...
...useless.
Read my lips.
-...the...
-...great...
-...confident...
-...roar...
-...of...
-...the American...
-...progress...
-...and...
-...growth...
-...has...
-...come...
-...to...
...an end.
-...All the...
-...vital...
-...technology...
-...that...
-...this...
-...nation...
-...holds...
-...dear...
-...all communications...
-...transportation...
-...the Internet...
-...connectivity...
-...electrical...
-...power...
-...critical...
-...utilities...
-...their...
-...fate...
-...now...
-...rests...
-...in...
-...our...
-...hands...
-We will not tire.
We will not falter.
And we will not fail.
I don't know
how they're getting in.
Thank you.
-And a...
-...happy...
-...Independence Day...
-...to everyone.
That was creepy.
I tried to find more Nixon.
Think they bought it?
Absolutely.
Okay, I want telecom,
transportation, any and every...
Jesus Christ,
it's a fire sale.
What?
It's a fire sale.
Hey. We don't know that yet.
Yeah, it's a myth, anyway.
Can't be done.
It's a myth? Really?
Please tell me she's only here
for show and she's actually not
-in charge of anything.
-Hey. What's a fire sale?
It's a three-step...
It's a three-step
systematic attack on the entire
national infrastructure.
Okay, step one:
take out
all the transportation.
The financial base
and telecoms.
You get rid
of all the utilities,
gas, water, electric, nuclear.
Pretty much anything
that's run by computers,
which, which, today
is almost everything.
So that's why they
call it a fire sale,
because everything must go.
Hey, l-listen, listen.
What's your name? Farrell?
Keep your voice down, okay?
No one here's talking
about a fire sale.
Not unless you're telling me
you helped plan one.
What? No, man,
I'm just saying...
-to explain--
-Appreciate your concern.
We know what we're doing,
we're on it. Thank you.
-Yeah, you've done a bang-up job so far.
-What?
-I...
Nothing. I get...
I said I understand.
Hey. They didn't send
the Girl Scouts out to get this kid.
They sent professional guys,
full tactical gear.
They blew
the whole joint up.
Now, look,
I don't know this kid.
And frankly, I don't
give a shit. No offense.
But somebody wants
this kid dead.
And obviously,
it's got something to do
with whatever
is going on here.
Okay.
Homeland's taking over
the interrogation of the hackers
we're bringing in.
I'll get you an escort
over there.
All right?
Molina, get this kid
to the front of the line.
I want to know
what he knows.
Right.
If that guy knew
half the shit that I know,
his fuzzy
little head would explode.
Special Agent Johnson.
We'll take the sedan.
Agent Johnson?
That's right.
Right this way.
Great.
So, is any of that actually possible,
what you were saying back there?
Is it possible? Here, look,
I'm gonna tell you again.
You take out any one thing,
the system can recover, right?
If you take it all down at once,
the system crashes and...
Look around, man.
Come on.
Government's got to have
dozens of departments
dedicated to that shit.
It took FEMA five days
to get water to the Superdome.
How long
till we get to DHS?
Laughlin, get on
the DC police band,
and get 'em to clear
a route to DHS for us.
DC Metro, this is the FBI,
requesting you to clear a route...
Farrell just resurfaced
on the grid.
Feds are taking him to Homeland.
Good. Close that loop now.
Isolate the frequency.
Get us a location
on the vehicles
and pull me up a file
on this John McClane.
Rand, we just found Farrell.
Stand by for a location.
Look, I don't mean
to harp, guys,
but we just passed another
Arby's and I'm starving.
-I-I could eat a wrapper.
-Later. Shut up.
-You don't even have to order.
-Shut up.
I'll just run and get
some ketchup packets.
Shut up.
You got about 14 minutes
to tell me why you lied to me back there.
Lied to you?
What are you talking about?
The pictures on the wall,
you knew those guys, right?
-I don't... I...
-Kid, don't lie to me.
I'm a cop,
I can tell you're lying.
Who were they?
Okay.
Okay, okay.
They were my competition.
Make the next right onto Concord.
They said they were a software firm
that had developed
a mutating encryption algorithm,
and they just wanted
to see if it could be cracked.
That's what I do. I do.
I-I do math-based security.
Here's the thing, the thing that
I've been thinking about is,
if you're gonna pull
something as-as massive
and crazy as a fire sale,
you'd need tons
of start-up guys
to write the programs,
but only a few black hats
to actually implement it,
so then at that point,
the start-up guys,
the guys who haven't really
done anything wrong, like me...
Would end up as pictures
on some guy's wall.
I swear to God, McClane.
I swear to you,
I had no idea I was gonna be...
an accessory
to-to-to Armageddon.
Take the next left
at Lexington.
Man, that's a sexy voice.
What's she taking us
this way for?
- Unit 510, this is dispatch.
- My God.
Clear a route for
two FBI vehicles
approaching on Concord.
Copy, Dispatch.
-FBI, we've cleared a path.
-That's her.
-Her who?
-Proceed to the corner...
What are you talking about?
It's them.
You're saying it's "them" them?
I swear to you, I know her.
I would know
her voice anywhere.
Don't say anything, don't...
Just keep your mouth shut
for a minute.
Hey, Metro, how's your day
going over there?
Yeah, got to be pretty,
crazy over there,
what with all those 587s?
Yes, sir.
We've had to dispatch all units.
Yeah, you had
to dispatch all units
for all the naked people
walking around?
Cut the bullshit, honey,
and just put your boss on.
Laughlin,
we're getting off this route.
Make a left here on 14th Street.
Officer McClane.
It's Detective McClane, asshole.
Don't worry, though,
we're gonna have
plenty of time
to get to know each other
when I come
visit you in prison.
But, John, I already know
so much about you.
Your address in Brooklyn,
the payments on your mortgage,
how long you've been
a member of the NYPD.
And how's Holly?
That's sad.
You're divorced.
Was that tough
on little Jack and Lucy?
Now, this is sad,
after 30 years, I thought
you'd have a better
pension plan annuity
than what I see here.
And it gets worse.
Your 401k
no longer exists.
Tell you what.
Let me make it up to you.
Box them in
at that intersection.
Shoot Mr. Farrell
in the head and drive away,
and by the time you reach
the end of the next block,
all your debts
will be wiped clean,
and your children
will be set for life.
Well, now that really
is tempting,
especially that last part.
But I think I'm gonna
have to pass, jerkoff.
John...
you're a Timex watch
in a digital age.
You're gonna lose.
Yeah, well, the other thing
that could happen is,
I could come and find you,
kick your ass and throw you
out of your own party.
What do you think
about that, dickhead?
Hold your position.
He's not responding.
Get down! Get down! Get down!
Just stay down!
Officers down,
the corner of Main
and Constitution!
I repeat, officers down!
Come on! Come on! Get out!
Let's go! Let's go!
Goddamn it!
Just stay down!
Get down!
Just hang on!
Base, we've got a squad car
under fire. We need backup!
I repeat, we need backup!
This is base.
We're sending backup.
Brace yourself.
- Hang on. Hang on.
- My God.
Hang on.
Yeah!
- We lost Del.
- Stay with them.
-They're back.
-I know.
Take the tunnel,
left, left, left.
My God... My God.
Bring up the schematics
on that tunnel.
The tunnel!
Open the gates
on the north side entrance.
Redirect traffic.
Occupy all lanes.
-Open the other side.
-What?
Move!
Just hang onto something!
Hey! Hey!
Don't get out of the car! Hey!
Just stay there! Stand still!
Run. Run!
God.
Don't ever hesitate
like that again.
Are you all right?
Yeah. Yeah.
- Are you okay?
- I can't move my arm!
Just stay here.
-Stay right here for a minute, all right?
-What?
"Can't be a uniform,
John. No."
Get over to the wall, sir!
"Feds called in a favor!"
Yeah. "All you got to do
is go pick up a kid...
...in Jersey
and drive him down to DC."
How hard can that be?
It can't be that hard,
no, can it?
No, gotta be
a senior detective.
A thing like a traffic jam,
throwing a car at me's
gonna stop me?
Rand, get in there,
get it done.
We don't have to. He's coming to us.
This is not a good idea.
-You okay?
-Don't touch!
- Okay. Sorry, sorry.
- Don't touch me.
Are you okay?
My God.
Pretty lucky shot?
Yeah, lucky.
That was... You just killed
that helicopter with a car.
I was out of bullets.
How you doing?
I-I skinned my knee,
and my asthma's acting up
a little bit, but...
Whatever. Yeah, I'm fine.
I'm getting too old
to jump out of cars.
Rand, check in.
The chopper's down...
What about Farrell and McClane?
They're history.
Come back in.
Okay, we're moving on.
Begin stage three.
I just spoke to Emerson.
The team's arriving at Woodlawn now.
Very good.
Mai, get ready
for the downloads.
ID, sir.
Park behind the transpo.
We'll lead you in.
Man the gate.
You're with me.
Anthrax alarms only went off
on five floors.
Below that, you'll need
DOD clearance.
I don't know why you'd
need to go any further.
There's nothing down there
but servers.
Logan? Rodriguez?
Incoming.
-Gate secured.
-Copy.
Okay, we are in.
This is insane. Hey.
Hey, this is absurd.
Man, there's tough
and there's stupid.
You got to go to a hospital.
Look at you.
I'm not a doctor, but you
look like you're hurt.
-Yeah. Sexy, right?
-No.
Come on.
We don't need a doctor.
We need the cops.
He's in.
Get out of the way!
Look out!
Make a hole, please.
Come on.
Watch out. Excuse me! Excuse me!
Come on. NYPD.
All right? I got this kid.
Come on, let's go, kid.
-Hold on.
-It's okay.
Yeah. Okay. Thanks. NYPD.
You all right?
Sergeant. Sergeant!
I need to speak to you.
-The medic's in the back.
-I'm all right.
NYPD. I got to talk to you.
Just give me a minute.
Sergeant.
My God.
Let's get out of here.
Pronto. Open. Open, open.
We're a go.
Launch the downloads.
Nothing's happening.
Be patient.
I don't know.
It's not responding.
Wait for it.
See? There you go.
Let me know when the download
reaches 20 percent.
Okay.
I need you to please
remain calm.
Excuse me.
Excuse me! Thank you!
Holy shit.
-Kid? Kid. Hey.
-Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
-You got a phone in that bag?
-Yeah.
Come on. Let's go.
And here you go,
Agent... Tovarek.
Guess that's you.
Download's at 20 percent.
Time to move.
Let's keep them
chasing their tails.
Due to recent activity,
law enforcement agencies
are being extremely cautious.
They are telling drivers
to abandon their vehicles
until they are searched.
And as you can see,
canine units are checking
each vehicle.
Now, whether this is
connected to the anthrax reports
we heard earlier or for
some new terrorist threat,
we do not know...
FAA just grounded
all flights.
-Good.
-Sir, we have complete access
over system networks:
the phones, power grids,
water, nuclear.
-Hey, excuse me--
-Jack Parry, NSA.
Chuck Summer, DHS liaison.
White House made the call.
Anything you need,
we're here to help.
Help?
Wow, that's... That's great.
We're gonna need some
work space for our people.
What can you do for us?
Well, as you can see,
we're using the space.
So you guys can stand
in the corner,
and, liaise.
If I need something,
I'll just wave to you.
-Wait. No, no. Don't-don't-don't call.
-What?
-What? What are you talking about?
-They probably cracked that hours ago.
If you use it, they might be able
to trace us here.
Just put it in your pocket.
-You sure?
-Yes.
Or... smash it.
You didn't have to smash it.
-Excuse me. Excuse me.
-Hey! Hey!
It's a police emergency.
He'll call you right back.
Here. Right in here.
Come here.
-You got a signal?
-Yeah.
Yeah?
This is John McClane
for Agent Bowman.
Sir, John McClane
is on the line.
-McClane, go.
-We never made it to DHS.
They came after the kid again.
All your men are down.
What about Farrell?
Yeah, I got him
with me right now.
Sir?
-Hang on, John.
-Yeah, I'll hold on.
Another day in paradise.
They just swarmed
at everything.
The whole telecom system,
phones, cells,
broadcast satellites.
♪ O beautiful... ♪
They're blanketing
every station.
♪ ...spacious skies ♪
♪ For amber waves of grain ♪
♪ For purple ♪
♪ Mountain majesties ♪
♪ Above ♪
♪ The fruited plain ♪
♪ America, America ♪
♪ God shed... ♪
Can you put the news back on?
This is the news.
It's on every channel.
Been this way for
a few minutes now.
My God. My God.
Shit.
McClane.
Look out! Look out!
Look out!
Bowman. Bowman, do you see that?
-McClane.
-Bowman, it's a fake.
I see it.
Thank God.
Shit.
McClane?
Bowman?
Satellite's down.
Get me a landline.
Shit.
I wrote one little piece of code
and the world falls apart.
This is
virtual terrorism.
-What?
-You know, it's crazy,
first I time I heard
of the concept of a fire sale,
I actually thought
it would be cool
if anyone ever really did it.
Just... hit the reset button.
Melt the system just for fun.
Hey, it's not a system.
It's a country.
You're talking about people.
All right? A whole
country full of people.
Sitting at home, alone,
scared to death
in their houses, all right?
So if you're done with
your little nostalgic moment,
maybe you can think a little bit
and help me catch these guys.
Yeah.
Just help me.
Just put yourself
in their shoes.
-Come on.
-Okay, okay.
If this were your fire sale,
you were running this thing,
what would be your next move?
Okay...
Well, the whole point
of a fire sale
is that it-it's mostly
done by remote, right?
But... But not everything
is run completely online.
Major utilities aren't.
They're run by closed-circuit,
so you could breach the security
up to a certain point, but, um,
to shut it down, you'd have
to physically go there.
You'd have to show up,
right, and-and...
You know what?
Give me that guy's PDA.
The phones don't work.
They're all dead.
No, the phones are fine.
It's the network that's dead.
I've just gotta reprogram it
and link it
into the old SATCOMs.
Hackers surf 'em all the time.
That's probably
what these guys are using
to talk to each other.
How do you know all this stuff?
Dude, I don't know.
There's a lot
rattling around up there.
I couldn't tell you.
Okay. National power grid.
Gas and electric is divided
into three zones, right?
Eastern, central and western,
each with a primary hub.
Here it is.
What is that?
What are we looking at?
That is the eastern hub.
Now, they take this out...
wipes out all the power for
the entire eastern corridor.
But again, you'd have
to do it manually.
Okay. Come on. Let's go.
What, to West Virginia?
Hey, I-I honestly don't think
I can handle any more people
trying to kill me.
-McClane? McClane?
-Well, you get used to it.
McClane... Shit.
Sir, wireless
networks are down,
and I think they're hitting
the landlines too.
I don't care how.
You find me a line.
Come on. Whatcha got?
We swept the whole building.
Seems clean.
We can sweep it again.
-I don't think we're gonna find anything.
-Don't bother. Don't bother.
It's a fake.
This guy's playing us.
Okay, get everyone back inside
the crisis center now.
Okay. Let's open it up!
Come on. Get in.
Door's locked,
unless you have an extra gun
I can use to unlock it.
Hey, hey, don't do that.
Hey! You're gonna disable it.
Jesus Christ!
That was crazy.
Did you see that?
Sorry about that, man.
I didn't know
it would come out so fast.
Man...
How'd you do yours?
You all right?
What'd you... What, it hit you
a little bit? Sorry.
No, listen, do-do not...
Please don't touch those, okay?
I know what I'm doing.
I've done this before.
I mean, I-I've read about it.
Road assist, we've detected
an air bag deployment.
Yes, um...
Please, we just hit a tree,
and my-my my dad is having
a heart attack.
And I think he's gonna die!
You need to help us.
Hold while we contact
emergency services.
No, no, no, he's...
He's dying.
Please, listen to me.
I-I can get him to a hospital.
I can drive. I'm fine.
But I can't really
turn the key.
The key won't start,
so you gotta start the car for us, okay?
Please, Dad...
Your name, please?
My name is-is...
Frank...
and my dad's
name is, um...
Is...
"Dvorak Tsajanski."
P-please...
Please just help us, okay?
We need your help, please!
Emergency services are on their way.
No, no, h-hold on.
Listen to me.
Listen to me, ma'am.
What is your name?
-Dolores.
-Dolores?
Okay, Dolores, I don't know
if you have a dad, but I do,
and I want to be able to say
that a year from now, okay?
Because my dad is my hero,
and right now
he is in my arms dying.
A-and his only hope i-is to get
to a hospital right now.
And we can't wait, so please
start the goddamn car!
Thank you, Dolores.
Pass me the PDA.
I gotta call the Warlock.
- The what?
- The Warlock.
He's a digital Jedi.
He's amazing.
Ma'am, you're not
authorized to be here.
FBI. We suspect there's
been a security breach.
No, you can't land here
without authoriza--
That was pretty good
back there, kid.
Thanks.
What's the matter with you?
Nothing else to complain about?
No. Just...
What?
What's the matter with you?
It's not funny.
I'm not like you.
I can't... I can't do this shit.
What do you mean?
What's that mean? Like what?
I'm not, like... like heroic
and everything, I'm...
...not brave like you are.
I'm not that guy.
I'm nobody's hero, kid.
You saved my life, like,
10 times in the last six hours.
Just doing my job, that's all.
Know what you get
for being a hero? Nothing.
You get shot at.
You get a little pat
on the back, blah-blah-blah.
Attaboy.
You get divorced.
A wife that can't remember
your last name.
Kids don't wanna talk to you.
Get to eat a lot of meals
by yourself.
Trust me, kid.
Nobody wants to be that guy.
Then why are you doing this?
Because there's nobody else
to do it right now, that's why.
Believe me, if there was
somebody else to do it,
I would let them do it,
but there's not,
so we're doing it.
And that's
what makes you that guy.
Thing's flying now.
Contact Emerson.
Tell him we'll be there soon.
What the hell are you doing?
This whole floor's
restricted access.
Stay here.
All right, come on.
Okay.
- We're in.
- Good. Shut it down.
Guess you were right, kid.
Okay, that's... awful.
We got company.
So how would they shut down
the power grid?
-What?
-Come on!
Central control room.
Okay.
Fourth floor.
-Fourth floor! Fourth floor!
-Come on!
-Take the right.
-Yeah.
Shit.
Shh.
-I'm gonna stop here for--
-Just try to keep up.
I am keeping up. I just want to stop for
two seconds to catch a breath.
You know, they have these
things called gymnasiums.
Yeah, it's not like--
Come on. Let's go. Let's go.
Right.
Intel's fairly certain that
the terrorists are mobile.
It's the only way to
consistently avoid signal triangulation,
and judging by the amount
of hardware they're running,
we're probably looking
for a large vehicle,
most likely a semitrailer rig.
All right, tell the guys
at Homeland Security
we need every agent, satellite
and functioning network
they got. Now.
Playtime's over, sweetheart.
Don't. Take your hand
off the gun.
Hands up. Stand up.
Go on, now!
Let's go, kid.
You're up.
Okay.
As fast as you can. Hey!
Jesus!
Whoa!
That's enough
of this kung fu shit.
I've known
some bitches in my day,
but you are the biggest...
Okay...
Still awake?
Just keep doing
what you're doing.
-Okay.
-How much time do you need?
Um, um... Not much.
Whoo.
Are you done?
-I...
-Are you done?
-No, no, not quite.
-What?
I'm not exactly checking
my email here, you know?
They ran this hack in VMO,
so I'm isolating their API,
-and just booting the host.
-What?
It means about 30 seconds, okay?
Not the easiest thing
to do when...
Okay!
Undo everything
you just did. Now!
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
I'm a righty. I'm a righty.
I'm a righty. I need
my other hand. I really do.
I'm a righty.
One last door to open.
Do you know what you're doing?
I mean, do you realize
what this'll do to the country?
Yes, I do.
Now open the door.
Okay, good.
Glad we're on the same page.
You do? I'm glad you know.
How you doing?
Hang on!
Listen. Let's just talk
about this for one--
How you doing?
That's not too tight,
is it?
Damn it!
Smile pretty!
McClane!
Shit.
McClane, get outta there!
Come on, man. Come on!
Come on, man!
God.
Did you see that?
So, you stopped it, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know,
actually, having a gun
to your head makes it harder
to do this kind of work.
What?
I know that comes as a surprise.
Shit.
You can't just turn it off?
Just lock 'em out?
I'm not sure.
I might be able
to slow 'em down, though.
Western and central hubs
are ours.
We're just waiting on Mai's end.
Hang on. Something's up.
All the security's reactivating.
I think someone might be
in the market
for some cheap Viagra.
Why don't you take some of that?
I know your girlfriend's dead,
why don't you check out our sexy
singles that you can chat with?
It's an e-bomb.
Hey, h-hey...
All right, all right,
wait, wait, wait.
Mai, talk to me.
What's going on?
Mai? Yeah.
Little Asian chick,
likes to kick people?
I don't think she's gonna
be talking to anybody
for a really long time.
Last time I saw her,
she was at the bottom
of an elevator shaft
with an SUV
rammed up her ass.
What's the matter?
Cat got your tongue?
Listen, jackass,
your fire sale's over.
So pack up your little circus,
or I'm gonna come
and I'm gonna kick your ass.
You have no idea who I am
or what I am capable of.
When I'm finished here,
and I promise it'll be soon,
I will focus
all my attention on you.
You want to make things
personal, fine.
Reroute every cubic foot
of natural gas in the pipelines
to that station.
Can you get Bowman
on this thing?
Sure. I can get anyone on.
-Do it.
-Now?
Yeah. Now.
Please, no.
It's Thomas Gabriel. Shit.
You know this guy?
I worked with him.
He was DOD's chief programmer
for infrastructure security.
After 9/11, he's the guy
that told Joint Chiefs
the system was vulnerable.
He was pushing
for total overhaul,
but they wouldn't listen.
Gabriel's not exactly
people-friendly.
You think so?
When he tried to go public,
they crucified him...
destroyed his reputation.
Froze assets. After that...
...he disappeared.
We got a pretty serious problem.
Wh... Hold on one minute. What?
I think we need to
get out of here right now.
They're sending
the gas lines here.
Gas lines? What gas lines?
Christ.
All of 'em. See that?
Those flashing arrows?
That's not good.
All that's coming here?
Yeah, I think we gotta go.
He-hey, listen,
I gotta go, I gotta go.
Just find Thomas Gabriel.
McClane? McClane?
Let's go.
Let's go. Finish this up!
Right now. Finish it up.
Come on. Let's go!
Okay.
Get in there! Get in there!
You okay?
Let's go, come on.
Got to get out of here.
What's the point?
Man, what is the point?
Hey. Knock that off.
Come on.
This has something to do with
that code you wrote for them.
All right? Now think.
Come on. Help us win.
Win?
When do we start winning?
Take a look around.
Are you out of your mind?
Does it look like
we're even close to winning?
We just got the shit
kicked out of us.
What, do you think
I'm holding out on you,
there's something
I'm not telling you?
If I knew what they wanted,
I would tell you.
I would happily tell you.
Jesus.
The Warlock.
Great.
There goes the cell phone.
They're knocking satellites
out of the skies now?
No, your battery ran out.
-Listen, we should go see him.
-Who?
The Warlock, we should
drive to his house.
He's not that far away.
He's in Baltimore.
We can't go
to the Warlock's house.
Hey, hey, hey,
you want me to help you.
This is me helping you.
Okay? Trust me.
We got to go see the Warlock.
It's our only hope.
How do you feel
about flying?
About what?
You mean, like, with a pilot?
Just stick it
in the round thing.
What round thing?
Here, put these on.
Just stick it in there.
That'll work.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm just
kind of afraid of flying...
Yeah, I used to be terrified
of flying.
-Really?
-Yeah. Took some lessons.
You know, face your fears,
that kinda thing.
Yeah? Did it help?
Not really.
This it?
Is it supposed
to make that sound?
Yeah.
Maybe we should just drive.
It'll be fun,
it'll be like a road trip.
Just take it easy. They say
taking off is the hardest part.
Really? I... I heard...
To be honest with you,
I missed a couple of classes.
Ha ha ha.
You did, really?
But you have
your license, right?
I mean, you can fly
one of these, right?
Hey-hey! Here we go.
-Hey-hey.
-We're up.
God.
Okay. That's good.
That's pretty good.
Jesus, look at that.
This whole area is blacked out.
How we gonna
find Warlock's house?
Um, it's probably
gonna be the one
with the lights still on.
Power outage keeps spreading.
About half the East Coast
has already gone down.
All right. Put everything
on emergency generators.
How the hell
are they getting past us?
Okay. Down there,
down there, I see it.
-Down there?
-Left, left, down.
We're gonna land there?
We're gonna land down there?
-All right, hang on.
-Okay, okay.
Fence. Fence, fence.
Fence, fence!
I see...
Watch...
Whoo!
- Jesus.
- Come on.
Yeah, yeah,
taking off is the hardest part.
Let's go.
Now, now. Now, there's something
you need to know about Warlock.
He, he hates cops.
I mean, he hates 'em, okay?
So just let me do
all the talking.
Shit.
Hey, Mrs. Kaludis.
Um, is Freddy home?
I'm Matt Farrell
and this is, Billy.
We-we're friends
from space camp.
We went to space camp
with Freddy.
Freddy!
Freddy?
You got company!
Frederick, didn't you hear me?
All Baltimore heard you, Ma.
Your friends are here.
Friends?
What... What the...
Come on, Ma!
How many times
I gotta tell you,
you don't bring people
down here, man?
I can't see too good. Is that
a young bearded Han Solo?
What happened, man?
You lost so much weight.
No, dude, I gained 30 pounds.
Who is that?
You know what?
Doesn't matter.
Dude, what are you
even doing here?
'Cause of you,
I am rockin' five generators
just so I can stay online.
And since you're being
hunted by assassins,
it doesn't really make me
think, like, this visit
is a very productive or healthy use
of my time, and...
Hey, hey, don't...
Don't touch that, all right?
CB radio?
A little low-tech for you guys,
isn't it?
Low-tech.
Dude, that, my friend,
is an end-of-the-world
insurance system, okay?
So when the last
microchip goes down,
I'm gonna be able to stay in touch with
whoever's out there,
whether they be zombies or not,
I'll tell you that right now.
What'd you bring
your dad here for?
He's cool. He's into
the whole gaming culture--
Nice poster.
What, like,
you a big fan of the Fett?
- God.
- No.
I was always more
of a Star Wars guy.
- Dude, he's kidding.
- Star Wars guy.
-Who is this man?
-He's my--
Hey, dump truck,
I'm not his dad.
I'm a cop.
How about that?
A cop, I'm sorry.
Thank you very much.
Why'd you bring a cop
into my command center?
Command center.
-It's a basement.
-It's a command center.
Don't help, McClane.
I can explain.
Just tell us what you know
about Thomas Gabriel, all right?
That's why we came here.
Thomas Gabriel. That's cool.
I didn't know. I'm sorry.
Get out! I want you out
of here, man. Right now!
-Why?
-Hey, hey.
-'Cause...
-Just calm down, big boy.
You calm down!
This is my house.
You're gonna tell me
what I want to know,
or I'm going to beat you
to death in your own house.
Four years ago, the DOD
recruits Thomas Gabriel to be
a cyber-spook for 'em, okay?
First day on the job,
goes in to his bosses
and tells 'em this nation's
security infrastructure
is wide open to compromise,
and what do they say?
"We'll take it
under advisement."
But this dude don't ease up,
'cause he's committed,
like you read about,
so he breaks into a meeting
of the Joint Chiefs
of Staff, okay?
And using just a laptop,
hacks into NORAD
and shuts down
our entire defense network,
till they put a gun
to the man's head
and forced him
to stop the hack.
Thomas Gabriel's the guy
who shut down NORAD
with a laptop
just to prove a point.
You think I'm scared of you?
Just tell us how to find
the guy, that's all.
How do I know
how to find the guy?
He's a ghost, man.
He just fell off the grid.
Another dead-end.
Come on.
Hold up, wait, McClane.
Listen, Warlock, a couple
of weeks ago, I wrote--
I know, dude, you wrote
a mutating algorithmic security code
that's probably being used
by Thomas Gabriel right now.
No, we know that, yes.
Can you tell us
what he's using it for?
I don't know. I've been
trying to figure that out.
Here, look.
The only security system
in the country that I can find
currently employing
that particular template
is the Social Security
Administration, okay?
But they don't even use it
in the main facility. Look.
They use it in this building.
Over here in Woodlawn.
-Whoa. What the hell? God.
-I know, right?
"Right," what?
What the hell are you guys talking about?
Their power consumption is off the charts.
It's hot, it's hot. It's on fire.
Why would there
be chilling towers there?
That's what I thought.
Hello?
What's a chilling tower?
See what
I've been dealing with?
Large server farms generate a lot of heat
and need to be cooled.
But why there?
Tell you what, guys. I don't
know what's in that building,
but I assure you it's not
Social Security numbers.
I got a red flag over here.
Someone's hacking
into Woodlawn.
Honing in on
the host server right now.
Frederick Kaludis.
Let's have a look at him.
Fat bastard.
McClane.
Where is his daughter?
We just got a trace on her cell.
You're gonna love this.
All right, let's get
a better look at you.
- Freddy.
- What?
What the hell are you doing
dicking around
inside my network?
McClane?
I thought I killed you
already.
I get that sometimes.
You think you can,
find a track where he is?
- Two minutes.
- Detective,
covering the camera
with your hand
does not turn off
the microphone.
Yeah. I know I'm not
as smart as you guys
at all this computer shit.
But, hey...
I'm still alive, ain't I?
I mean, you've got to be running
out of bad guys by now, right?
Gabriel?
Honestly, you can tell me.
I mean, how does that work?
You got some kind
of service or something?
Some kind of 800 number?
1-800-HENCHMEN?
You know what?
I bet you're still on hold with,
"Can I get another dead
Asian hooker bitch
over here right away?"
But seriously,
all that kicking aside,
that skinny little ninja chick,
she was smokin' hot.
A new one of those gotta be
real hard to come by, right?
You're very impressed
with yourself, aren't you?
I have my moments.
Yeah?
Is this one of them?
Hello?
Yes, this is
emergency services calling.
- God. Thank God.
- Can she hear me?
My name is Lucy Gennero.
I've been stuck in here for hours.
-I've been trying to call...
-Hey.
My cell phone's not working...
Can she hear this?
Lucy, hang up that phone.
Yes. Calm down, miss.
We know exactly
where you are.
Everything is gonna
be all right.
Lucy, hang up the phone!
Please, John, I'm trying
to have a conversation.
We're a bit overloaded tonight,
as you may imagine,
but I assure you, we're gonna
get you out of there,
even if I have to come down
there and get you myself.
Thank you.
In the meantime, Miss Gennero,
is there anyone
you would like us
to contact for you?
Yeah.
My dad.
His name is John McClane.
He's a New York City cop.
We'll find him.
Just hang in there, miss.
We'll get to you... very soon.
Thank you.
Wow. That's a great girl
you got there.
Can't wait to meet her.
What's the matter?
Cat got your tongue?
Come on, John.
Make a joke.
Say something funny.
Where are you go...
Wh-Wh...
Where are you going? Hey.
McClane! Hey!
Hold up. Hold on.
Where you going?
What are you gonna do?
What do you think
I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna go kill this guy
and get my daughter.
-But she could be anywhere.
-Now, hey, listen to me.
It's gonna get messy.
You should just stay here.
-I think I--
-Hey, I'm doing you a favor.
I wouldn't bet on me,
all right?
I'll take it from here.
Thanks for your help.
I wouldn't bet on you, either,
so I figured I'd lend a hand.
Buckle up.
FBI, ma'am,
Jersey field office.
Mind if I see your ID?
Not at all.
My dad's a cop.
Force of habit.
Your father sounds like
a very smart man.
Kid, can you get Bowman?
Yeah.
It's completely dead.
Gabriel must have shut down
all the satellite links.
Shit.
I'm sorry about Lucy, man.
About all of it.
It's my fault
you got into this.
This wasn't your fight.
You got nothing
to be sorry about.
Let go of me,
you bastard.
This bitch is a handful.
Are you gonna be all right?
Hey. Behave or I will hurt you.
Yeah?
Let's step outside,
just you and me.
We'll see who hurts who.
You really are his daughter.
Tie her wrists.
Trey.
Gabriel wants to see you.
Is it that time already?
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll be back in a second.
No, no, no,
please, please!
We're showing a breach
on an exterior vent.
Go take a look.
Don't be long.
We're packing up soon.
Hey, McClane.
Do we have anything resembling
a plan or anything?
Find Lucy
and kill everybody else.
I mean more like a plan,
like, a way to do that.
Come on.
Okay, according to the layout,
the chilling towers
are kept on the bottom level.
I think mine's locked.
Okay, now it looks like
we're getting somewhere.
Okay, this looks like it controls
the cooling system for the mainframe,
which should be...
If I can just hack in...
trip the alarm,
it might alert Bowman.
Someone set off the alarms.
Yes. Thank you, detective.
I can hear that.
Find a way
to turn it off.
What do you got?
We got a problem.
The alarms went off
at Woodlawn.
It's got to be him.
And what's Woodlawn?
It's NSA,
a secure facility
outside of Baltimore.
It's a fail-safe
we built after 9/11
to back up
all financial information.
The moment the networks
were hit, all the financial data
automatically began downloading
to those servers.
Banks, Wall Street, corporate records,
government funds,
all of it, basically, a backup
for the accumulated wealth
of America.
All in one location?
What could Gabriel do with it?
Well, if he could get in,
he might try
to transfer the data
to a portable hard drive.
Then he could have access to
those accounts from anywhere,
siphon off billions for himself.
We'd have no way to trace it.
Or knowing him,
he could erase it all
and send us all
back to the Stone Age.
Why the hell
wasn't I told about this?
Frankly,
it's above your pay grade.
My pay grade?
How the hell did Gabriel
find out about this,
when even I didn't
know about it?
He designed it.
It was his program.
He knew that hacking
your system last night
would trigger the download.
That's brilliant.
You two geniuses
stay out of my way.
Let me see if I can get
a floor plan of this place.
-Okay.
-Don't move!
You... Get away
from the bag. Now!
Okay. Okay.
We've been waiting for you.
Yeah?
I've been waiting for you, too.
McClane!
Kid!
Matt!
Kid?
Emerson.
We seem to have a problem
in one of the cooling towers.
-Tower Seven.
Find out what's going on.
Okay.
-Sir?
-Get the HR team to stand by.
We need to get
to Woodlawn now.
The roads out
are completely blocked.
DC is in total gridlock.
Well, get us some helicopters.
Sir, they've all been
pulled by the Pentagon
for search and rescue.
Molina, find me some goddamn
helicopters immediately.
Look, the Pentagon has jets
flying CAP over DC.
Have them send one
over to Woodlawn
and keep an eye on things
till we get there.
Let's go.
Where's my daughter?
Russo, check in.
Yeah, I think,
Russo's on his way down
to meet your girlfriend, dickhead.
Hold on a minute.
Looks like he's coming around.
It's McClane. He's on the
third floor and the kid is--
Get all that?
That's right.
I'm on the third floor,
but I'm coming to get you.
Don't move now.
I'll send a doctor.
Kill this guy,
and I'll give you Mai's cut.
Shit.
My algorithm.
Okay, please get in.
Please. God.
Jesus, they're going
after the money.
You coming to get me, John?
Is that the plan?
Yep. That's my plan.
What makes you think
I won't put a bullet
in your daughter's head
right now?
'Cause you're scared of me.
Is that right?
You think I'm afraid of you?
'Cause otherwise
she'd be dead already.
You need a bargaining chip.
Stop there. Hands up.
If you kill me,
you'll never get it open.
Move away. Move!
You know, John, I feel like
we've gotten off
on the wrong foot.
And because of that,
you think I'm the bad guy,
and nothing could be
further from the truth,
I'm the good guy here.
I told them this could happen
if they didn't prepare.
Did I get a thank you?
No, I got crucified.
But they wouldn't listen.
You got their attention now,
don't you?
That's right.
I am doing the country a favor.
By tearing it apart.
Better me than some outsider,
some religious nut job
bent on Armageddon.
Nobody wants to see
that happen.
Everything I've broken
can be fixed...
if the country is willing
to pay for it.
Bullshit. It's always been
about the money.
What, I shouldn't get paid
for my work?
I'm working
my ass off here, John.
Well, just sit tight, asshole.
I got a check for you.
I can't talk to this guy.
You talk to him, see if
you can get him to focus.
Dad?
Hi, baby.
Now there are
only five of them.
Hang on, Lucy. I'm coming.
Would somebody please
kill this son of a bitch?
We have a problem.
No, there's...
There's actually no problem.
I think I just got off
on the wrong floor.
This is a mess.
Wow, I'm... I'm truly
impressed, man.
Hacking every byte
of financial data
for the entire country
would take weeks
unless you eliminated
the congestion.
That's what this
fire sale's about, isn't it?
That's brilliant.
Yes, it is.
Please be quiet.
Asshole.
Who are you?
Matt Farrell.
Lucy McClane.
I thought your name
was Gennero.
Lucy Gennero.
Not today.
Can you crack the code?
Maybe, I mean,
if I had enough time.
That's encouraging.
Take them with us.
-Let's go.
Gabriel, Pentagon just
sent an F-35 towards us.
Keep an eye on it.
Pulling down the go codes now.
You might wanna
start thinking about
what you want
on your headstone, asshole.
Jesus Christ.
Damn hamster.
Here you go.
Stay still, spider boy.
That's right.
Goddamn it!
Ho-ho, no.
Seriously, you probably
shouldn't antagonize them
since they have all
the loaded guns and whatnot.
Listen, will you just
take a minute and dig deep
for a bigger set of balls,
'cause you're gonna need 'em
before we're through.
Wow, I know that tone.
It's just weird hearing it
come from someone... with hair.
Sir, ETA: 15 minutes.
Fix it.
Why?
You're just gonna kill me
if I fix it. I know that.
Stop!
Shit!
I'm not gonna do it.
No, no, no. Shit.
Robinson is coming
pretty fast.
I'm sorry. What?
Something's wrong.
Robinson is coming too fast.
It's not Robinson.
That would be my dad.
Freddy.
Freddy!
It's John McClane.
Look, I know you can hear me.
This is your frequency, right?
6-6-6.
Come on.
Pick up the mic, Freddy.
Nobody here
by that name, sorry.
Hacker jerkoff!
Warlock...
I need you to do...
whatever it is you do to
patch me through to the FBI,
to Deputy Director Bowman.
You hear me?
Are you serious?
You want me to intentionally
open up a comm line
to the head of
the FBI cyber division?
I don't think so.
Freddy, goddamn it!
They have my daughter!
I can do that. Hold on.
Thank you.
This is Central.
We have a patch
for Director Bowman.
Sir, Central's trying
to reach you.
-Go.
-Bowman, it's McClane.
-McClane.
-Listen to me.
Gabriel is on the 695
headed north in a hazmat truck.
Wait, Gabriel
has left Woodlawn?
We're headed there right now.
And, Bowman,
he's got my daughter.
Listen, this hazmat truck
is a government vehicle,
so it should be LoJacked, right?
Track that down, it should
take you right to 'em.
Give me the tag number.
All right, hang on.
Here it comes.
Golf-Tango...
five-niner-two-November.
Yeah, got it.
McClane, where is Farrell?
He's with them.
Listen to me.
I'm gonna go in there
and get Lucy out,
but if something
happens to me,
you gotta send the cavalry in,
you hear me?
I mean everybody.
Don't let that maniac
get my daughter, you hear me?
John, don't worry.
I want your word, Bowman.
Yeah, you have it.
McClane out.
There's the F-35.
Did you get the go codes?
-Trey! Did you get the go codes?
-Yes, yeah, I got the go codes.
Can you connect me
to the pilot?
Isolating his radio.
Sending him the go codes.
AV-81.
AV-81, this is
marine air wing ATC.
Go for AV-81.
Confirmed terrorist vehicle
has been located
in your sector, big rig truck.
Currently in pursuit
of a hazmat vehicle.
I see them, ATC.
You are authorized
to engage and destroy.
Copy that. AV-81 engaging.
What?
Jesus Christ!
Goddamn it!
You're shooting
at the wrong guy!
I don't think
Daddy's coming, honey.
Hey! Jackass!
Is that it?
Is that your best shot?
Come on!
Jesus!
Let's go! Come on!
-Got two more to go.
-That way. That way. Go.
Let's go. Move it.
We are leaving in three minutes.
You have one.
The rules haven't changed, man.
You're gonna kill me
the minute I unlock it.
No!
- Shit! Shit...
- Matthew? Matthew!
I really need you
to pay attention.
The rules can always change.
Okay, wait.
I'm gonna shoot her
in 10 seconds.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Nine.
I can't.
Eight.
God.
Yeah! Okay!
Okay, okay, okay.
Six.
Okay, just stop. Stop, stop.
I'm doing it. I'm doing it.
God.
My God.
Feds are headed this way.
Get everything on the plane.
Yeah.
- Dad!
- Careful.
Don't worry, baby.
Everything's
gonna be all right.
Daddy!
Hold this.
No!
Jesus Christ.
You got her?
You're sure?
It's a nice effort, though.
Matthew!
Shit! All right, okay!
Okay, I'm doing it. I know.
McClane.
Would you do me a favor?
I know the lights
are beginning to dim,
but if you could just hang on
for a second, as soon
as Matt's finished,
I'm gonna kill him
and your daughter,
and I would love
for you to see that.
Goddamn it. Matthew?
Ten seconds, okay? 10 seconds,
you'll have all your money.
You just leave.
No one has to get hurt, okay?
A few seconds.
Stay with me.
McClane!
Dad?
On your tombstone,
it should read:
"Always in the wrong place
at the wrong time."
How about..."Yippee-ki-yay,
motherfu--"
Daddy... Daddy...
Are you okay?
Yes, baby, I'm fine.
I knew
you would come for me.
Of course
I'd come for you.
Sorry it took me
so long. It's okay.
Move, move!
Freeze!
Hold, hold! He's okay.
Move around. Come around!
- Here, help Daddy up.
- Okay.
Wait, wait. Wait.
I think I'll just stay here
for a minute.
Okay. Daddy,
you're out of your mind.
What are you talking about?
You shot yourself.
It seemed like a good idea
at the time.
Don't tell these guys
that I did that.
Thanks for
all your help, John.
Thank you.
Is he okay?
-Should I put my hands up?
-No, don't put your hands up.
-Put 'em down farther?
-Yeah.
He might die of shock
on the way to the hospital.
All right.
I'll be right back.
- Hey.
How's it feel to be shot?
It actually feels great.
He gave me some...
What is it called? Mor...
-Morphine.
Wow, you got
your merit badge now.
Yeah... Hey, I don't know
what that means.
Plus, you know,
chicks dig scars.
Really?
Not that one.
-What?
-Don't even think about it.
How did you know
what I was thinking?
Did she... What, did she
say something to you?
I felt like we had a, um,
kind of a vibe.
Take it easy. That's just
the morphine kicking in.
Yeah.
Besides...
after all we've been through,
I'd hate to have to
beat you to death.
That would suck.
-Good to go?
-Yeah, we're all set.
Okay. Take care of yourself.
I'll see you at the hospital.
Hey.
Thanks for saving
my daughter's life.
Hey...
What was I gonna do?
That's what makes you
that guy.
Yeah.
So, um, did he say
anything about me?
Jesus, Lucy!
What? I-I'm sorry.
I'm just asking. I'm...
I'm in enough pain already.
Hospital.
♪ Some folks are born ♪
♪ Made to wave the flag ♪
♪ Ooh, they're red,
white and blue ♪
♪ And when the band plays
"Hail to the Chief" ♪
♪ Ooh, they point
the cannon at you, Lord ♪
♪ It ain't me ♪
♪ I ain't
no senator's son, son ♪
♪ It ain't me ♪
♪ I ain't no
fortunate one, no ♪
♪ Some folks are born ♪
♪ Silver spoon in hand ♪
♪ Lord, don't they
help themselves, ♪
♪ But when the tax man ♪
♪ Comes to the door ♪
♪ Lord, the house looks
like a rummage sale, yes ♪
♪ It ain't me ♪
♪ I ain't no millionaire's son
no, no ♪
♪ It ain't me ♪
♪ I ain't no
fortunate one, no ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Some folks inherit ♪
♪ Star-spangled eyes ♪
♪ Ooh, they send you
down to war ♪
♪ And when you ask 'em ♪
♪ How much should we give? ♪
♪ Ooh, they only answer
more, more, more, more ♪
♪ It ain't me ♪
♪ I ain't no
military son, son ♪
♪ It ain't me ♪
♪ I ain't no
fortunate one, one ♪
♪ It ain't me ♪
♪ I ain't no
fortunate one, no, no, no ♪
♪ It ain't me... ♪